Move forward
President Murong and my young woman
The three adults of the Dragon King
Come to the engagement banquet of my Lin and Liu families
It's such an honor
Shine.
Hahaha, thanks to the three adults for liking it.
Come to my engagement party with Qingxue
But this trash
He doesn't know good or bad
He actually made trouble at the soul supper
I also bumped into three uncles hahaha
Three adults, this is not the wrong person, right?
He was the one who spared Ding Huiyan
Not Master Huo
Why did you hit me?
Shouldn't you hit him?
Dare to be rude to Mr. Xiao
It seems that this slap is probably light
More talent
Are you mistaken?
I am Lin Shaoyang
Lin Shaoyang from the Lin family?
Aren't you three here for me?
But how could I be polite to him?
What is the Lin family?
I've never heard of it.
There is a three-door bridge with a gate in the district
future
Little San, your father has to be respectful in front of me
Just watch it and go away
Yes. What is it?
President Murong and the others don't know Mr. Lin at all
He can't do it.
This billion black gold cards
And the project of the Tenglong Group
Isn't it because they like Lin Shao?
Did you just give it to our Liu family?
Yeah, just a jumping clown
Can't even get into my eyes
You still dare to claim that you are favored by us
Mr. Little
I'm sorry.
Throw you a party to get the basic dog moving
Oh yeah
This Yuncheng guardian
100 bucks to the end
Mr. Shaw's wedding anniversary is so important
In this small place in Silver City, I am afraid that things will not be done well
Why don't you go to Dijing with me?
Held directly in the Forbidden Imperial City
What!
Although these three adults were really boarded